README.md, before:

# Git Extensions

 


## Overview

Git Extensions is a standalone UI tool for managing git repositories.<br />
It also integrates with Windows Explorer and Microsoft Visual Studio (2010/2012/2013/2015/2017). For more information please check out our website [http://gitextensions.github.io/](http://gitextensions.github.io/) or [download the latest version](https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/releases/latest) and give it a try.

### Current Status

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>&nbsp;</th>
    <th>Windows</th>
    <th>Linux/Mac</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Requirement</td>
    <td>MS Windows 7SP1+ <br/>MS .NET Framework 4.6.1+</td>
    <td><a href="http://www.mono-project.com/download/">Mono 5.0+</a> <br /><small>(limited support due to Mono WinForms implementation)</s,all></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Current dev status</td>
    <td><a href="https://ci.appveyor.com/project/gitextensions/gitextensions/branch/master"><img alt="Build status" src="https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/yo5kw7sl6da8danr/branch/master?svg=true" style="max-width:100%;"></a></td>
    <td><a href="https://travis-ci.org/gitextensions/gitextensions"><img alt="Build status" src="https://travis-ci.org/gitextensions/gitextensions.svg?branch=master" style="max-width:100%;"></a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Translations</td>
    <td colspan=2><a target="_blank" style="text-decoration:none; color:black; font-size:66%" href="https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/git-extensions" 
title="See more information on Transifex.com"><img src="https://ds0k0en9abmn1.cloudfront.net/static/charts/images/tx-logo-micro.646b0065fce6.png" ></a></td>
  </tr>

</table>


## Download

<table>
  <tr>
    <td><strong><font="red">Release Candidate (v2.51.RC2)</strong></td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/releases/tag/v2.51.RC2">[ Download ]</a> / <a href="GitUI/Resources/ChangeLog.md#version-251rc2-14-jan-2018">Changelog</a> <br />
        GitHub: <a href="https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/releases/2.51.RC2" rel="nofollow" style="vertical-align: -webkit-baseline-middle;"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/gitextensions/gitextensions/v2.51.RC2/total.svg?maxAge=86400" alt="Github Releases (RC)"></a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Latest Release (v2.50.02)</strong></td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/releases/latest">[ Download ]</a> / <a href="GitUI/Resources/ChangeLog.md#version-25002-06-september-2017">Changelog</a><br />
        GitHub: <a href="https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/releases/latest" rel="nofollow" style="vertical-align: -webkit-baseline-middle;"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/gitextensions/gitextensions/latest/total.svg?maxAge=86400" alt="Github Releases (latest)"></a> | SourceForge: <a href="https://sourceforge.net/projects/gitextensions/" rel="nofollow" style="vertical-align: -webkit-baseline-middle;"><img src="https://img.shields.io/sourceforge/dm/gitextensions.svg" alt="SourceForge"></a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Latest dev build</strong></td>
    <td><a href="https://ci.appveyor.com/project/gitextensions/gitextensions/branch/master/artifacts">[ Download ]</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Visual Studio VSIX (2015/2017)</strong></td>
    <td><a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=HenkWesthuis.GitExtensions">[ Download ]</a> or install via Visual Studio</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Visual Studio addin (2010/2012/2013)</strong></td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/releases/latest">Download and run setup.exe</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Visual Studio Code VSIX</strong><br />Kudos to <a href="/pmiossec" class="author text-inherit">@pmiossec</a></td>
    <td><a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pmiossec.vscode-gitextensions">[ Download ]</a> or install via VSCode<br />
      NB: Please direct all discussions about the VSIX to <a href="https://github.com/pmiossec/vscode-gitextensions">its own repo</a>.</td>
  </tr></table>




## Shoutouts
 * Special thanks to JetBRAINS for [Resharper](https://www.jetbrains.com/resharper/) licenses.


## Links

* Website: [http://gitextensions.github.io/](http://gitextensions.github.io/)
* Source code: [http://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions](http://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions)
* Online manual: [https://git-extensions-documentation.readthedocs.org/en/latest/](https://git-extensions-documentation.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)
* Issue tracker: [http://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/issues](http://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/issues)
* Wiki: [https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/wiki](https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/wiki)
* Gitter chat: [https://gitter.im/gitextensions/gitextensions](https://gitter.im/gitextensions/gitextensions?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/gitextensions/gitextensions?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) 
* Mailing list: [http://groups.google.com/group/gitextensions](http://groups.google.com/group/gitextensions)

Commit message:

Add mono runtime dependencies to readme
Had to run>fail>install>repeat a couple of times, thought someone else might be interested to know this.

README.md, after:

# Git Extensions

 


## Overview

Git Extensions is a standalone UI tool for managing git repositories.<br />
It also integrates with Windows Explorer and Microsoft Visual Studio (2010/2012/2013/2015/2017). For more information please check out our website [http://gitextensions.github.io/](http://gitextensions.github.io/) or [download the latest version](https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/releases/latest) and give it a try.

### Current Status

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>&nbsp;</th>
    <th>Windows</th>
    <th>Linux/Mac</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Requirement</td>
    <td>MS Windows 7SP1+ <br/>MS .NET Framework 4.6.1+</td>
    <td><a href="http://www.mono-project.com/download/">Mono 5.0+</a> <br /><small>(limited support due to Mono WinForms implementation)</s,all></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Current dev status</td>
    <td><a href="https://ci.appveyor.com/project/gitextensions/gitextensions/branch/master"><img alt="Build status" src="https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/yo5kw7sl6da8danr/branch/master?svg=true" style="max-width:100%;"></a></td>
    <td><a href="https://travis-ci.org/gitextensions/gitextensions"><img alt="Build status" src="https://travis-ci.org/gitextensions/gitextensions.svg?branch=master" style="max-width:100%;"></a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Translations</td>
    <td colspan=2><a target="_blank" style="text-decoration:none; color:black; font-size:66%" href="https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/git-extensions" 
title="See more information on Transifex.com"><img src="https://ds0k0en9abmn1.cloudfront.net/static/charts/images/tx-logo-micro.646b0065fce6.png" ></a></td>
  </tr>

</table>


## Download

<table>
  <tr>
    <td><strong><font="red">Release Candidate (v2.51.RC2)</strong></td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/releases/tag/v2.51.RC2">[ Download ]</a> / <a href="GitUI/Resources/ChangeLog.md#version-251rc2-14-jan-2018">Changelog</a> <br />
        GitHub: <a href="https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/releases/2.51.RC2" rel="nofollow" style="vertical-align: -webkit-baseline-middle;"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/gitextensions/gitextensions/v2.51.RC2/total.svg?maxAge=86400" alt="Github Releases (RC)"></a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Latest Release (v2.50.02)</strong></td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/releases/latest">[ Download ]</a> / <a href="GitUI/Resources/ChangeLog.md#version-25002-06-september-2017">Changelog</a><br />
        GitHub: <a href="https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/releases/latest" rel="nofollow" style="vertical-align: -webkit-baseline-middle;"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/gitextensions/gitextensions/latest/total.svg?maxAge=86400" alt="Github Releases (latest)"></a> | SourceForge: <a href="https://sourceforge.net/projects/gitextensions/" rel="nofollow" style="vertical-align: -webkit-baseline-middle;"><img src="https://img.shields.io/sourceforge/dm/gitextensions.svg" alt="SourceForge"></a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Latest dev build</strong></td>
    <td><a href="https://ci.appveyor.com/project/gitextensions/gitextensions/branch/master/artifacts">[ Download ]</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Visual Studio VSIX (2015/2017)</strong></td>
    <td><a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=HenkWesthuis.GitExtensions">[ Download ]</a> or install via Visual Studio</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Visual Studio addin (2010/2012/2013)</strong></td>
    <td><a href="https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/releases/latest">Download and run setup.exe</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><strong>Visual Studio Code VSIX</strong><br />Kudos to <a href="/pmiossec" class="author text-inherit">@pmiossec</a></td>
    <td><a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pmiossec.vscode-gitextensions">[ Download ]</a> or install via VSCode<br />
      NB: Please direct all discussions about the VSIX to <a href="https://github.com/pmiossec/vscode-gitextensions">its own repo</a>.</td>
  </tr></table>

## Mono Dependencies

For Ubuntu, these are the packages you need to install to run GitExtensions:

```
sudo apt install mono-runtime \
                 libmono-system-windows-forms4.0-cil \
                 libmono-system-ldap4.0-cil \
                 ibmono-system-componentmodel-composition4.0-cil \
                 libmono-system-componentmodel-composition4.0-cil
 ```


## Shoutouts
 * Special thanks to JetBRAINS for [Resharper](https://www.jetbrains.com/resharper/) licenses.


## Links

* Website: [http://gitextensions.github.io/](http://gitextensions.github.io/)
* Source code: [http://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions](http://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions)
* Online manual: [https://git-extensions-documentation.readthedocs.org/en/latest/](https://git-extensions-documentation.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)
* Issue tracker: [http://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/issues](http://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/issues)
* Wiki: [https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/wiki](https://github.com/gitextensions/gitextensions/wiki)
* Gitter chat: [https://gitter.im/gitextensions/gitextensions](https://gitter.im/gitextensions/gitextensions?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/gitextensions/gitextensions?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) 
* Mailing list: [http://groups.google.com/group/gitextensions](http://groups.google.com/group/gitextensions)
